NUT-18 Payment Requests: Make mints mandatory (#227)
cashubtc/nuts: 18.md

1. Receiver creates a payment request, encodes it and displays it to the sender
2. Sender scans the request and constructs a matching token
3. Sender sends the token according to the transport specified in the payment request

> 4. Receiver receives and validates the token, for example checks that it is for a mint indicated in the payment request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Receiver receives and validates the token, checking that the Mint matches one of the indicated trusted Mints.
```

- `d`: A human readable description that the sending wallet will display after scanning the request
- `t`: The method of `Transport` chosen to transmit the payment (can be multiple, sorted by preference)

> A payment request MUST include at least one trusted mint in its field `m`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A payment request **MUST** include at least one trusted mint in its field `m`.
```
